feat: Add `defineAllHooksPlugin` for plugins working on all hooks (#113)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: .changeset/olive-rabbits-beg.md

---

> "astro-integration-kit": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"astro-integration-kit": minor
```

Author: I was a bit on the fence about this one because it doesn't break anything. But let's go

---

> Add new `defineAllHooksPlugin` for plugins that provide APIs for any hook, including third-party hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new `defineAllHooksPlugin` helper for plugins that provide APIs for any hook, including third-party hooks.
```
